# Camara Home Devices QoD meeting

## Meeting Information

> Meeting Date: 02/02/2023

### Attendees

* Jesús Peña (Telefonica)
* Emilio Abraham Garrido García (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (DT)
* "Mike" - Mihai Lazar (DELL)
* Vaishali Gupta (DELL)

### Agenda

* Recap & Recent Updates
* Update on issues 
* AOB

Home Devices QoD minutes link:<br>
[https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Discussion Items

- Repo: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD)<br>
- Issues: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues)<br>
- Pull Requests: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls)


| Agenda Item | Description | 
| ----------- | ------------|
| **Recap/Updates** |  |
|  | <li>Current project status will be reported to see the best way forward to meet the CAMARA API milestones.<li>The call frequency will be re-evaluated to see if every two weeks is better for now.<li>Our colleagues from DELL are joining the call for the first time. They belong to DELL engineering team and they are doing a preliminary overall evaluation of the CAMARA project and the more interesting API projects for them (like Home Devices QoD API in this case). According to Mike, for the moment they are not in position to provide feedback on the API design or API use cases.<li>Rafal can't confirm when DT will provide feeback on the API design or use cases. DT`s technical department is currently discussing this issue and will come back. In today's call Rafal brings some personal suggestions for the API definition. It is agreed to create a Github issue for each of them to track the discussion and link them to the required PR if it is eventually needed. |
| **Open Issues** | |
|  | [#3](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/3) Maintainers.<br>To be CLOSED as soon DT contact/s are 100% confirmed. <br><ul><li>[Current Maintainers](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.MD)</ul>Rafal can't confirm when the DT contact person(s) will be defined. He suggests to bring it up in the next SteerCo (next week). For the moment he will join the calls and keep the lights on. |
|  | [#18](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/18) Update API documentation according to v0.2.0 API version <br>Being addressed in PR [#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/19). Updates included so far corresponds to: <ul><li>PR [#13](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/13) "*dev-v0.2.0 - Aligment with API Design Guidelines Commonality - Add "status" field in error definitions*".<li>PR [#14](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/14) "*Add 403 specific API error when User home network cannot be deducted from access token*".</ul>No further changes included last two weeks. |
|  | [#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/20) Update commonalities glossary with HomeDevicesQoD-subproject relevant terms <br>It is related to Commonalities issue [#120](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/120).<br><br>No updates on this one. Still not clear how it is going to be handled in CAMARA Commonalities.</ul>|
| **New Issues** |  |
|  | N/A |
| **AOB** | |
|  | <li>Next Home Devices QoD community call on Feb 9th, UTC 16:00, CET 17:00<ul>(*)_To be confirmed depending on the call frequency re-evaluation_</ul> |


## Next Steps

* Get the feedback DT may have about uses cases and API design.<br>(*)_It will most likely have to wait until DT technical contact(s) are confirmed._

<br>

> Mailinglist:<br>Please subscribe if not yet done to the mailing list of the subproject here: [https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp](https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp)<br>The list will be used for invitations and discussions between members of the sub project. The address is: sp-hdp@lists.camaraproject.org