# Camara Home Devices QoD meeting

## Meeting Information

> Meeting Date: 15/02/2023

### Attendees

* Jesús Peña (Telefonica)
* Emilio Abraham Garrido García (Telefonica)
* Eber Marins (Telefonica)
* Christian Duran Gonzalez (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (DT)
* "Mike" - Mihai Lazar (DELL)

### Agenda

* Recap & Recent Updates
* Update on issues 
* AOB

Home Devices QoD minutes link:<br>
[https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Discussion Items

- Repo: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD)<br>
- Issues: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues)<br>
- Pull Requests: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls)


| Agenda Item | Description | 
| ----------- | ------------|
| **Recap/Updates** |  |
|  | <li>The current status of the project was reported to SteerCo last week (including the matter of the DT technical contacts).<li>The call frequency will be set to every two weeks (same time slot). This is more appropriate for the time being, until DT’s engagement in the API discussions.<li>In the previous call Rafal brought some personal suggestions for the API definition. As agreed, a new Github issue [#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/23) has been created to track the discussion and link it to the required PR if it is eventually needed. |
| **Open Issues** | |
|  | [#3](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/3) Maintainers.<br>To be CLOSED as soon DT contact/s are 100% confirmed. <br><ul><li>[Current Maintainers](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.MD)</ul>Rafal has no news in the matter of DT's technical contacts. No news is expected until after the Mobile World Congress. |
|  | [#18](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/18) Update API documentation according to v0.2.0 API version <br>Being addressed in PR [#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/19). Updates included so far corresponds to: <ul><li>PR [#13](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/13) "*dev-v0.2.0 - Aligment with API Design Guidelines Commonality - Add "status" field in error definitions*".<li>PR [#14](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/14) "*Add 403 specific API error when User home network cannot be deducted from access token*".</ul>No further changes included in last two weeks. |
|  | [#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/20) Update commonalities glossary with HomeDevicesQoD-subproject relevant terms <br>It is related to Commonalities issue [#120](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/120).<br><br>No updates on this one. Still not clear how it is going to be handled in CAMARA Commonalities.</ul>|
| **New Issues** |  |
|  | [#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/23) Reduction of network-specific terminolgy/acronyms<br>This issue is actually aligned with Commonalities issue [#108](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/108) and PR [#120](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/120). From TEF side it is being validated inernally with the technical and business teams and a solution aligned with [RFC4594](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4594) is being considered. |
| **AOB** | |
|  | <li>Next Home Devices QoD community call on Mar 2nd, UTC 16:00, CET 17:00 |


## Next Steps

* Telefonica to provide a proposal to address issue #23.
* Get the feedback DT may have about uses cases and API design.<br>(*) _It will have to wait until DT technical contact(s) are confirmed. Not before MWC._

<br>

> Mailinglist:<br>Please subscribe if not yet done to the mailing list of the subproject here: [https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp](https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp)<br>The list will be used for invitations and discussions between members of the sub project. The address is: sp-hdp@lists.camaraproject.org