# Camara Home Devices QoD meeting

## Meeting Information

> Meeting Date: 16/03/2023

### Attendees

* Jesús Peña (Telefonica)
* Emilio Abraham Garrido García (Telefonica)
* Eber Marins (Telefonica)
* Christian Duran Gonzalez (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (DT)
* "Mike" - Mihai Lazar (DELL)

### Agenda

* Recap & Recent Updates
* Update on issues 
* AOB

Home Devices QoD minutes link:<br>
[https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Discussion Items

- Repo: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD)<br>
- Issues: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues)<br>
- Pull Requests: [https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pulls)


| Agenda Item | Description | 
| ----------- | ------------|
| **Recap/Updates** |  |
|  | <li>Project adaptation to release/versioning guidelines agreed in Commonalities is done (issue [#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/27)).<li>"Service class" included in [#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/20) as relevant API term to update commonalities glossary with HomeDevicesQoD-subproject relevant terms.<li>New API definition aligned with [RFC4594](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4594) has been included in release v0.2.0 (it resolves issue[#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/23)).<li>Update API documentation according to release 0.2.0 API version stopped until a final agreement is reached in Commonalities issue [Revisit API documentation template to reduce redundancy #164](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/164)|
| **Open Issues** | |
|  | ~~[#3](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/3) Maintainers~~~.<br>CLOSED. Rafal has been added as a maintainer (PR [#26](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/26).), as he is the contact person from DT who is actively involved in the project. And this issue has been closed, as there's no point in discussing it any further.<br><ul><li>[Current Maintainers](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.MD)</ul>  |
|  | [#18](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/18) Update API documentation according to v0.2.0 API version <br>~~Being addressed in PR [#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/19)~~.<br>PR [#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/19) has been MERGED to `dev-v0.2.0` branch with current documentation status (i.e. NOT including Doc changes related to issue [#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/23) and PR [#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/25)).<br>This is part of the process described in issue [#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/27) to adapt the project to the release/versioning policy agreed in Commonalities, i.e. the `main` branch is assumed to be the latest. Documentation work corresponding to API release v0.2.0 (when resumed) will be done against the `main' branch until release v0.2.0 is agreed to be closed.<br><br>On the other hand, there is a new issue in the Commonalities project [Revisit API documentation template to reduce redundancy #164](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/164) that affects this. Basically because the way the CAMARA APIs are documented is being rethought. It is proposed not to have separate documentation at all, but to embed all documentation in the OAS definition itself (YAML). The Home Devices QoD spec file is already quite self-documented, so I'll wait for the final agreement in Commonalities to complete the documentation for release 0.2.0 to avoid unnecessary overhead. |
|  | [#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/20) Update commonalities glossary with HomeDevicesQoD-subproject relevant terms <br>It is related to Commonalities issue [#120](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/120).<br><br>Added "Service Class" as a representative term for this API.|
|  | ~~[#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/23) Reduction of network-specific terminolgy/acronyms~~<br>This issue is actually aligned with Commonalities issue [#108](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/108) and PR [#120](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/120).<br><br>CLOSED. On the TEF side, after internal validation with the technical and business teams, a new API definition aligned with [RFC4594](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4594) was provided in PR [#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/25). The changes made were approved by Rafal (DT) and Robert Ludovic (Orange) and the PR was MERGED.  |
| **New Issues** |  |
|  | ~~[#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/issues/27) Adapt project to release/versioning guidelines agreed in Commonalities~~<br>Commonalities track: https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/123.<br><br>CLOSED already. Steps accomplished:<ul><li>~~PR to merge v0.1.0 changelog into the main branch.~~ >> DONE. PRs [#28](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/28) (added CHANGELOG) and [#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/29) (typo fix)<li>~~The merge commit from PR will be tagged as v0.1.0, and will get the v0.1.0 release branch.~~ >> DONE https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/releases<li>~~Merge the dev-v0.2.0 branch into main, so that it contains the latest stable API definition state as agreed.~~ >> DONE. PR [#30](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/30)<li>~~Update README.md accordingly..~~ >> DONE. PR [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD/pull/31)</ul> |
| **AOB** | |
|  | <li>Next Home Devices QoD community call on Mar 30th, UTC 16:00, CET 17:00 |


## Next Steps

* Create a new PR to align API spec files with pending traversal Commonalities issues like: CamelCase usage (issue [#157](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/157)), error schema definitions (issue [#151](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/151)), API documentation (issue [#164](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/164)), etc...
* When this is done, generate the first stable API release and continue with the CAMARA milestones to complete it, as no further functionality will be added for the time being.

<br>

> Mailinglist:<br>Please subscribe if not yet done to the mailing list of the subproject here: [https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp](https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-hdp)<br>The list will be used for invitations and discussions between members of the sub project. The address is: sp-hdp@lists.camaraproject.org